[Music]
ten safe exercises to get rid of belly
fat easily so you want to end the
vicious cycle of failed attempts to get
rock-hard abs here are 10 exercises that
will help you get your belly in perfect
shape change into your gym clothes grab
an exercise mat and exercise ball and
let's get this started remember to do a
short warm-up first to avoid any
injuries before you break into a sweat
don't forget to click the subscribe
button and turn on notifications to join
us on the bright side of life
number one leg lifts lie down on your
back lift your legs about 12 inches off
the ground and keep them straight if
that's too hard for you right now start
by lifting one leg at a time do 10 to 15
reps and add 2 to 5 more each day you
workout in the meantime you'll do 10
reps look at the counter ready go
[Music]
[Applause]
this exercise will help you build up
your lower back and strengthen your
abdominal muscles keep your legs
straight lift them higher a few more
three two
one
stop take a five-second rest
number two bicycle continue lying on
your back bend your legs and raise them
so that your calves are parallel to the
floor straighten your right leg and move
it slowly bending it toward the floor
like you're forming a circle continue
with the left leg moving like you're
pedaling a bicycle start with five reps
and add a couple of reps each time you
work out
ready start peddling based on a study by
the American Council of exercise the
bicycle maneuver holds the top spot for
the most effective abdominal exercise
whoa that was easy take a five-second
breather
number three waste crunch continue line
with your hands by your sides palms down
raise your legs at a 90-degree angle to
the floor and keep them straight slowly
start to pull up your shoulders and
upper chest hold for a second and then
lie down if this is too hard for you at
the beginning start with your knees
slightly bent start with 10 reps and add
five each time you work out got it great
look at the counter and go the waist
crunch or vertical leg crunch helps
build your core muscles and increases
your metabolism it also improves your
posture and balance three to one
whew
take a 5 second rest
number four reverse crunches stay lying
on the mat put your hands behind your
head bend your knees and keep your feet
on the floor slowly move your knees
toward your shoulders pause when you
reach your race line and slowly return
your feet to the floor
start with 10 to 15 reps and at five
each time ten reps are fine for now
ready
go reverse crunches strengthen your
lower abdominal muscles which are the
main target of this exercise it can
treat lordosis a condition where your
lower back curves forward
it's a spine problem common in pregnant
women and obese people don't give up
you're getting there in five four three
two one
done alright five second rest don't get
up yet
number five bicycle crunch crunches are
awesome right but you are more awesome
because you're almost halfway done with
this exercise routine then your legs so
your calves are parallel to the floor
bend your elbows and put your palms
under the nape of your neck move your
right knee toward your shoulder lift
your head and upper chest and try to
touch your right knee with your left
elbow go back to the starting position
repeat by switching the arm and leg keep
a significant distance between your
limbs if you don't feel strong enough
one repetition is equal to two elbow
knee touches start with 10 reps clear
are you ready begin bicycle crunches
work your upper middle and lower abs yep
it's a full abdominal exercise if you
want an eight-pack this is the perfect
workout for you in addition to your abs
it also targets your hips hamstrings
quadriceps chest shoulders and back
muscles stop okay rest for five seconds
number six exercise ball crunch you need
an exercise ball for this part also
known as a balance or stability ball lie
on top of the exercise ball keep your
feet on the floor and your knees bent
put your hands behind your head be
careful slowly lift your head and chest
start with three sets of five situps
each when you feel stronger increase
each set to ten sit-ups are you ready
keep your eyes on the counter go
according to a study by the Department
of kinesiology at Occidental College in
Los Angeles crunch is performed with an
exercise ball improve ABS by 38 percent
certified Fitness ball instructor
Susanne dicen highly recommends this
exercise because you'll feel almost no
pain in your spine while doing it as
opposed to crunches performed lying down
is she right how are you feeling do five
more
and done alright have a five-second rest
number seven
magic tree stay in the same basic pose
on the exercise ball lift your chest
while straightening your hands try to
reach the ceiling as if you're reaching
for an invisible magic apple with your
hands in a previous exercise you were
riding an imaginary bicycle now you're
stretching your arms to the skies and
hoping that a miracle will happen like
turning your belly into sexy ripped abs
but no you need to lie on top of a giant
bouncing ball and okay heat up of the
drama start doing three sets of five
lift ups each when you feel stronger
increase each set to ten lift ups ready
go this exercise will challenge your
balance muscle coordination and presence
of mind it targets your core
biceps triceps chest and shoulders once
you get the hang of it you can use
dumbbells pretty exciting right reach as
far as you can last five lifts four
three two and one
done take a five second breather you
deserve it
number eight warrior stance it's time to
stand up place your feet a little wider
than your shoulders face your left foot
to the side and your right forward bend
your right knee
put your half bent right elbow on your
right knee lift your left hand and
stretch it over your ear gently bend
your body to the right staying in the
same position switch hands touch your
left leg with your left arm and raise
your right hand bend to the left move
slowly don't hold your breath
remember to keep your back straight
perform five reps change sides and
repeat got it look at the counter ready
begin
[Music]
[Applause]
it's time to stretch your muscles after
those back bending exercises warrior
stance is a yoga pose and it strengthens
your legs chest and arms it also
improves the body and mind connection
still bend your back three more to go
[Music]
and done have a five-second rest number
nine awkward airplane you need your
exercise mat again for this one get down
on your hands and knees slowly lift your
leg parallel to the floor while reaching
your right hand forward move your leg
and hand to the side hold that pose for
three seconds now put them back on the
floor and change arm and leg remember to
keep your back straight start with five
reps adding another five when you feel
stronger if your turn to do it are you
ready go
[Music]
do you feel your muscles burning
fantastic The awkward airplane is a yoga
exercise that improves your legs arms
shoulders and hips it also corrects
posture imbalance
two more to go
[Music]
done whoa take five seconds are you
ready for the finale you'll be surprised
by how easy it is number ten sea turtle
lie on your belly on the mat straighten
your hands in front of your head raise
your hands head upper chest and legs
slowly move your hands so they meet
behind your back
return your hands to the front lie down
again repeat five to seven times can you
do it seven times of course you can
ready go
[Music]
the sea turtle is a workout used in boot
camps it targets your posterior deltoids
glutes lower and middle abs and
rhomboids but to imagine yourself as a
turtle imagine you're Superman or Wonder
Woman while doing this exercise
cool huh
last three
and done their unbelievable
superb which of the routines in this
video did you enjoy the most
tell us in the comments don't forget to
give this video a like share it with
your friends and click Subscribe
stay on the bright side of life